Previously on "Power"...
I'll be all right
when I get back on my feet.
Pass me them pills.
So you told Jukebox to move to D.C.
and accept who she really is.
It's probably why
she looks up to you so much.
You killed two people
right in front of me.
- I think I should walk away.
- We're talking about one job here.
Well, whatever you got going,
I want in on it.
The drugs
we gave you been stepped on.
I need you to right this wrong.
I had a meeting
with Karen Bassett.
She's interested in putting one of
my clubs in a new space she's opening.
I know you can run a club,
but who is James St. Patrick?
The only other person
who can confirm that St. Patrick
is the distributor is Vibora Ruiz.
I was hoping maybe you could
use some of your DEA contacts,
- help me find him.
- All right.
They're saying Tariq
brought a gun to school.
The gun is registered
to an Angela Valdes.
My kids won't be staying
at that bitch's house again.
I'm glad you two are
getting along so well together.
We're getting shit set up.
I want to know
what you are doing about Ghost.
Lobos killed our dog, Tommy.
Next time it's gonna be you or me.
Nothing's gonna happen to us.
♪ They say this is
a big, rich town ♪
♪ I just come from
the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists and turns,
bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live, I learn, I'm from that city full
of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homie, I grew up in hell,
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes,
they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow, bag it,
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options,
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap,
learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it, man, in the meantime,
go 'head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal, royal flow,
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007,
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar,
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes
and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration,
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that
I'm moving with no hesitation ♪
♪ They say this is
a big, rich town ♪
♪ Yeah, I just come from
the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
- ♪ Oh, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ I came here across the sea ♪
♪ I had a fate that was owed to me ♪
♪ I didn't know
what I was looking for ♪
♪ Now the rain ♪
♪ Is coming down ♪
So did you take care of everything
with the principal?
I'm gonna be volunteering
at the school a couple days a week,
and Tariq starts therapy tomorrow.
Yeah, I wonder what kind of
questions they're gonna ask him.
I don't know, but I'll make sure
that he knows
which ones not to answer.
The therapist's office
is across town.
I can take him, but I'm gonna
need you to pick him up.
Can't tomorrow.
Got a big meeting about the club
that I can't reschedule.
Tariq needs to know
that he's a priority in your life.
Providing for you
and the kids is a priority,
which is why I can't
miss the meeting.
The kids appreciate
all that you do for them,
but you need to show your face
around here every once in a while.
And if they can't come here,
how am I supposed to see them?
You can see them
any time you want
as long as it ain't at Angela's.
I don't need Raina coming home
with a fucking switchblade.
♪ Now the rain ♪
♪ Is coming down ♪
Jamie, I'm so sorry.
This is all my fault.
The last thing I'd ever want to do
- is keep you away from your kids.
- What's done is done, Ang.
Just got to figure out a way
to make it all work.
Are you comfortable with the kids
coming back here?
Yeah, of course I am.
You made a mistake, Ang.
I mean, it won't happen again.
No, it won't.
Paz is coming over
for dinner tonight.
You want me to cancel?
It just seems like bad timing
with everything that's going on.
No, no, no, don't cancel.
It's important to you, so...
it's important to me.
Thank you, Jamie.
♪ Nothing is perfect,
but your imperfections are quaint ♪
♪ And your love is worth it,
and for that I will wait ♪
♪ And though you hate me ♪
♪ When you have a turn ♪
♪ I drive you crazy,
but you always return ♪
♪ If I fall short ♪
♪ If I break rank ♪
- ♪ It's a blood sport ♪
- Tommy: Fuck yeah.
♪ But I understand ♪
♪ I am all yours ♪
- ♪ I am unmanned ♪
- Oh, fuck.
♪ I'm on all fours ♪
♪ Willingly damned ♪
♪ Loving you's a blood sport ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
' Yeah.
♪ Fighting in a love war ♪
Yeah. Yeah.
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
I want you to call Tasha.
Set up a meet.
I need her to sign
some paperwork.
Hey, how did things go with Tariq
the other night?
He didn't show.
Ghost did.
- Another Ghost trick.
- You didn't do it?
I thought I was gonna be
hooping with Tariq.
I didn't have
my fucking piece on me.
- Maybe there's another way.
- What would that be?
Maybe you could...
hire somebody.
I don't know.
Just might make things
a little easier, you know?
Last time we outsourced
to the Jamaicans,
shit didn't go over well.
Besides, Lobos told me to do it.
Then I guess you better do it.
But not right now.
I got to meet with the Koreans.
They're ready to pay us.
So is Father Callahan.
He said that his choir boys
already sold half of their shit.
Our product's like
a sore dick, baby.
You can't beat it.
I'll talk to you later, baby.
18th Street
Woman's Wellness Clinic.
This is Rachel.
How can I help you?
Yeah, hi, I'd like to schedule
an appointment.
Or...
come in and discuss my options.
The ice is gonna be on the move
sooner than expected.
We got to do the lick tomorrow.
Dirt, you're running point on entry
and handling the silent alarm.
Critical, you're gonna be
holding down the crowd.
Light up anyone
who gives you shit.
We don't have time
for folks mouthing off,
and I don't want any hostages.
They always fuck shit up.
Doc, you're gonna be
smashing and grabbing.
- No doubt.
- Frog, you...
- Who's this nigga?
- Family, Frog.
This has all the back roads
in case things go sideways.
Yeah, well since Wookie got popped,
who's snatching the ice?
- I am.
- Don't know about that.
We don't need no gimpanzee
fucking up our shit.
Watch your mouth, nigga.
You have no idea who you talking to.
Y'all both can shut the fuck up.
I decide who the fifth man's gonna be.
Go home. I'll be in touch.
Juke, I ain't 100%,
but I can hold a gun.
You sure about that?
I send you in there,
I need to know you ain't
gonna jerk that trigger.
I bet you can't even jerk off yet.
Hey, get me a piece.
I want to go out back,
squeeze off a few rounds.
You not hearing her right.
♪ I like being alone ♪
♪ I'm out here,
spend plenty of time on your own... ♪
- What if Jukebox comes in?
- Let me worry about that.
♪ But can't take no ♪
♪ Complacent ♪
♪ This ain't a place to be making friends,
they all got agendas ♪
♪ These eyes on your back,
fangs in your neck ♪
♪ Thinking of venom,
fiendin' for a taste of this shit... ♪
Jukebox don't think
you can jerk off.
Is she right?
Nah, son.
You ain't about to smash.
This is about your hands.
♪ Weighing so heavy on my body ♪
- ♪ Body ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Spine shivers ♪
♪ Eyes met ♪
♪ Head in it ♪
- ♪ Heart set ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Cold on my mind, yeah ♪
♪ Ice dripping ♪
♪ Cold sweat ♪
♪ Ice, ice dripping ♪
- ♪ Cold sweat ♪
- Good.
♪ Ice dripping ♪
- ♪ Cold sweat ♪
- Good, good.
♪ Ice dripping ♪
- ♪ Cold sweat... ♪
- Now, you can't be having all the fun.
♪ Can't, can't choose the situation ♪
♪ No friends,
always got to co-sign ♪
♪ Everything's a ten,
damn, I hate a yes man ♪
♪ I know while this buzzing
got to be ringing in your ear ♪
♪ But don't think I've forgotten,
who was always here ♪
♪ Tell me,
where was you last year? ♪
♪ And I doubt you was last here... ♪
- ♪ It's your last here ♪
- So I guess he's ready?
His hands work...
both of 'em.
I'm gonna take a shower.
♪ On my body, body ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
I put my top guys
on your personal detail.
They've been running
full-spectrum surveillance on you,
tailing you here,
your apartment,
to your wife's place,
and despite your concerns,
there doesn't appear to be
anyone following you.
Well, that's good to hear.
Thank you for all your hard work.
You and your guys
have been rock solid, all right?
And I appreciate you
having my back.
Usually when someone hires
personal security,
it's to thwart a specific threat.
Is there a person
we should anticipate?
If it's predictable,
it's preventable.
Club business...
is simply competitive.
When you have something
that everybody wants,
it's easy to create enemies.
The cost of having it all, right?
No doubt.
Well, how do you want to proceed with
your personal detail, Mr. St. Patrick?
I'd like you guys to stay on me
a while longer.
- Just to be safe.
- Right.
Just to be safe.
- Is he in jail?
- No.
- Is he dead?
- No, Tasha, Jamie is fine.
I got Tariq's record expunged.
The school reported
the incident to the NYPD.
I know Tariq is a good kid,
so I called in a favor.
It'll be like it never happened.
Tasha, I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
- It was the least I could do.
- Yeah... the least.
But you know
you didn't do it for Tariq.
Sure as hell didn't do it for me.
You did this for Ghost.
And as long as you stay
in this thing with him,
you're gonna be doing for Ghost
the rest of your life.
Good-bye.
That's a nice shave.
It's as smooth as my ball sack.
We run out too fast.
Yeah, next shipment's arrived.
It's full weight.
What about the extra keys
you promised me?
I'm a man of my word.
You'll get them as long as we don't run
into no more problems like last time.
The problem
has been taken care of.
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
It won't happen again.
Good.
You did me a solid, man.
Those aliases you gave me
on Vibora Ruiz paid off.
He's in San Diego.
I'm flying out tonight.
Nice.
You need DEA backup on this thing?
Should I call my guys, have them
meet you on-site, lend a hand?
No, thanks.
Already coordinated
with San Diego PD, so...
Cool.
Well, shit, Knox,
I smell a promotion.
And unlike Angela,
you've done it without
sucking anyone's dick.
She didn't suck Mike's dick
to get on the task force.
DOJ drafted a deal.
If Ruiz takes it,
finally have a witness
to testify against Lobos.
- But Lobos is dead.
- Right.
I meant testify against Tommy Egan
and James St. Patrick.
Ruiz, he can name
the whole network.
It's really too bad Lobos got got,
'cause Ruiz would've been
a direct witness against him.
When I was working UC,
I saw him talking to Lobos
with my own fucking eyes.
- He would've cracked the case wide open.
- Yeah.
Oh, shit, I got to go.
You let me know
how it all plays out.
You call me if you need anything,
and you get it all by the book.
I don't want to see any of these
motherfuckers walking on techs.
Come on. You know it.
- Thanks a lot.
- Good luck, bro.
All right.
Sorry I'm late.
Smells delicious.
What are you making?
You went to see Tasha?
What the hell were you thinking?
After hearing your conversation
this morning
and knowing how much
you miss the kids,
it seemed like
the right thing to do.
I had good intentions.
I appreciate you
taking care of Tariq's record,
but you should ask me
before you go over there.
I don't need to ask
for your permission, Jamie.
Oh, yes, you do.
Especially when it comes to my wife.
- You know what I mean.
- No, I don't think I do.
You gonna get the door?
Paz! Entrar.
- Angelita, it's so good to see you.
- You too.
- How are you?
- Good.
You look pretty.
You remember Jamie.
- Qué pasa, Paz?
- Good.
Can I get you some wine?
Okay.
So it's been a long time.
Quite a long time.
- Para ti.
- Gracias.
Jamie, how nice of you
to pay the rent.
Angela's always paid
for her own things.
Never depended on a man before.
Jamie, why would you do that?
I had good intentions.
So what's the problem?
Isn't dinner ready? Let's eat.
So what does that mean?
It means you won't have a record.
It means Angela
made the whole thing go away.
- Dad made her do that for me?
- Something like that.
Look, 'Riq, our family's
not like other families.
Not like other families at school.
Ma, I know.
You tell me this all the time.
We have to do better and be better
than the kids at school.
- I'm sorry.
- I know you are.
There are certain things about us
that your father and I don't want
anyone to know.
Okay?
When you go in there tomorrow
to talk to the therapist,
I just want you to answer
his questions.
Don't say more than you have to.
So you want me to lie?
No, baby.
You're a smart kid.
You'll know what to do.
I am glad we were finally
able to do this.
I didn't think it was gonna happen.
Well, that was my fault,
and I'm sorry.
Angela, I remember
back in the day
when you got grounded
for sneaking out to meet Jamie.
- Papi was pissed!
- You remember that?
He was chasing me down the street.
Told me to never come back,
but I couldn't stay away.
Are you in contact with anyone
from the old neighborhood?
What ever happened to
that mamao, Tommy Egan?
He and I lost touch.
But enough about the past.
How's your son? How's he doing?
Junior's great.
Finishing school, looking for a job.
- Congratulations. That's super cool.
- What about your kids?
How'd they take the news
about your divorce?
- You're not divorced yet.
- He's working on it.
Sure.
I'll be right back.
- You okay, Ang?
- I'm fine.
So, Paz, of course, you know,
job market is tough right now,
but I have,
an opening at a club
if Junior was interested.
Thanks, I appreciate it,
but I wouldn't want to put my son
in an awkward situation.
- What do you mean?
- Well, you know, just in case
things don't work out
between you and Angela.
Showtime, motherfuckers.
- Which one would you like to see?
- That one, please.
Everybody shut the fuck up
and get on the floor now!
You! Move it!
Get the fuck down!
Bitch, don't make me shoot you!
Come on, move!
Let's
I told you to stay down!
Shut the fuck up!
Everybody shut the fuck up!
- Open the shit.
- Would you calm the fuck down, man?
Everybody shut up!
If you move,
I'll fucking kill you!
Shut the fuck up!
- The fuck?
- Peace, nigga.
Hurry UP!
Yo, hurry "P!
Let's go.
Let's
- The fuck happened?
- Go, motherfucker.
Drive!
All available units
respond to Tivoli Jewelry
at 372 Jefferson Avenue.
Take-over robbery just occurred.
Suspects are armed and dangerous.
Suspect vehicle is
a black Suburban, no plates.
Car 41805.
I've got a black Explorer
leaving at a high rate of speed.
No plates.
Occupied by four white males
headed northeast on Jefferson Ave.
- Angela.
- The California case files
finally came through,
and I think I have a break in the case.
What do you got?
I found the wife of one of the victims
from your safe-house murders.
Her husband was making
50 grand on a U.S. Marshal salary,
but now his widow is living
the high life in a mansion in La Jolla.
That doesn't track.
It's possible the marshal
had a good life insurance policy
given his high-risk profession.
Or maybe someone's
taking care of her with hush money.
She might know something.
I've left her a message
to set a call.
Let me know when
you hear back from her.
Since your DJ Taj fuck-up,
I notice you been hustling
extra hard in the clubs.
Attending this meeting is
your reward.
Just sit back, listen, learn.
That street shit is
second nature to you, Andre.
We got to get it
where this hustle is, too.
Especially if you still
considering doing both.
Look, man, I know I wasn't getting it
all at first, but, on the real,
shit's been hard having one foot
in the hood and one foot out.
Nothing tougher than
shedding that old skin,
having to leave behind those
that ain't willing to grow with you.
- There she is.
- James.
Andre, meet the lovely
Karen Bassett.
- Karen, this is Andre.
- Nice to meet you.
Damn, you look banging
in that dress.
- Thank you.
- There we are.
Right on time.
One Superiority Burger for
the boss lady flown in from East Village.
- I got it right, right?
- Nice work.
Important to know the taste
of the tastemakers.
Speaking of which, you know
how excited I am to talk about
the potential expansion of
my brand into your new hotel.
I am, too,
but there's one problem.
I did more research on you,
and nobody knows who you are.
Isn't that interesting,
seeing as though
my name and my clubs are
mentioned in several publications.
That's not enough.
You need to develop and manage
your brand on social media
just like everyone else.
I'll show you.
See all these owners?
Partying with their clientele.
Free bottle service
isn't enough anymore.
Regular people
want to feel like celebs,
like they have access.
Give them access.
Let them feel like they know you
and they'll keep coming back for more.
No doubt. Demand and supply.
Don't you mean
supply and demand?
No, they've been teaching
that wrong for years.
You see, demand comes first,
and whoever supplies it profits.
Right.
Karen, my brand is the mystery
of James St. Patrick.
People are intrigued
by the unknown.
Look, I want to take our relationship
to the next level,
but I can't set a meeting
with my board of directors
until you get on social media.
Your brand needs a face.
I can't sell a ghost.
Vibora Ruiz.
Agent Greg Knox, FBI.
Well, this is not
what I expected from a guy
that spent three decades
building the Soldado Nation.
Guess you just had no place else to go
when Lobos forced you out?
God, I bet you were pissed.
Fuck, I know I would be
if someone took away
everything I had worked for.
You're not safe here.
Lobos knows where you are.
We've been monitoring
his communications
and we just got credible intel
that says he's got hitters
crossing the border right now
to kill you and your family.
You got two options...
You stay here and you die,
or you take a deal
and you testify against Lobos.
And with him out of the way,
you could take your business back.
That's right.
Go back to work
with the FBI's blessing.
Back to your life.
I heard your father was sick.
You didn't know.
You can't always believe
what a cop says.
But Lobos' men are coming.
You want to call my bluff, fine,
but you're gonna be
betting with your life,
with your family's lives.
- What's up, T?
- What's up?
- Hey, you got any leftovers?
- Go and check for your damn self.
Holly, when you gonna learn
how to cook?
Tasha, maybe you could teach her.
The way to a man's heart
is through his stomach.
- I got other skills.
- I know that's right.
Looks like you gonna be
coming over here to eat, Tommy.
- Uncle T.
- Yo, what's up, 'Riq?
- What's up?
- How you feeling, man?
- Good.
- Shouldn't you be at school?
Boy got suspended.
You need to talk some sense into him.
What's wrong with you?
Come on, son. Talk to me.
Me and you gonna
have a little talk, all right?
Last time I got suspended...
Since when does wine
get wasted with you?
L...
You're not drinking.
You're about to cry for no reason.
Shit, Holly.
Please don't tell me you're...
Tommy!
I'm gonna go take Holly to check out
a new lipstick I got, okay?
Yeah, we good.
Where did you get a gun anyway?
Well, I took it out of Angela's purse.
Got to talk to some idiot therapist.
My mom doesn't want me
to tell him anything.
Your moms is right.
She's just looking out for you.
You know that, right? Right?
Yeah, I just... l just wish
they could be real with me.
They're always fake.
Like, Dad, he moved with Angela,
and I still don't know
what happened to Uncle Shawn.
It's like he could do whatever
he wants and get away with it.
Yeah, no doubt.
Listen, you got every right
to be upset.
Families are supposed
to stay together, not break up.
But if I do know one thing
about your old man, Tariq,
he loves the crap out of you.
And no matter what happens...
your Uncle Tommy
always got your back.
Forever.
- The fuck you gonna do with a baby?
- I don't know.
You ain't been in the game but a minute.
You gonna be a dealer's baby mama?
You got no clue
what you're getting yourself into.
Every time Tommy
walks out that door,
he may never come back.
You think you can raise a kid
on your own?
You're doing it.
Ghost ain't dead,
and my mama helps me.
Now, Kate Egan,
she ain't exactly grandma material.
Have you met her crazy ass?
No.
Does Tommy want to keep the baby?
Tommy doesn't know?
I really want to tell him.
I just...
I haven't decided if I'm keeping it yet.
I really love Tommy
and I want to be a family.
L just...
- I don't know.
- You can't not fucking tell him.
The baby is half his too.
If he found out you did something
without talking to him first,
well, I wouldn't want to be you
when he finds out.
I'm James St. Patrick,
the owner of Verbatim.
I want to thank y'all
for spending the night with me!
Next 30 minutes, open bar!
Shit's so fucking good.
Why ain't you eating, babe?
- I'm not hungry.
- Have a bite.
I said I'm not hungry. Jesus.
About to be on the rag
or something?
Did you ever reach out to
the Jamaicans on the Ghost thing?
No, I've been busy doing drops.
I'm not gonna go all the way up
to Queens to that fucking restaurant
to ask them to do something
that I could do myself.
You got to be fucking kidding me.
Are you ever gonna do it?!
Yo, I don't get you.
A minute ago you was busting
my balls about me not trusting you,
but now I'm getting the sense
that you're the one who don't trust me.
You don't believe in me, Holly?
Fuck.
Of course I believe in you.
- It's just...
- Just what?
There's something
I want to talk to you about.
Nah, fuck that.
I'm done talking.
♪ Boy, you should go, boy,
you should go, boy, you should go ♪
♪ You should go now ♪
♪ Boy, you should go ♪
- ♪ I know you've been gunning... ♪
- This ain't no free show.
What do you want?
- Where Jukebox?
- At work.
Keeping the streets safe.
♪ I got a dirty feeling
that it's going down... ♪
I got something for you.
♪ Look at you ♪
♪ Look at you... ♪
What's this for?
I thought you could fence it.
Get your own money.
Not have to rely on Jukebox
for your shit.
Jukebox gives me everything I need.
Everything?
♪ Move slow ♪
♪ Slow on the low,
slow on the low ♪
♪ Low, low... ♪
I ain't gonna say nothing
if you don't say nothing.
I ain't got a goddamn thing to say.
♪ Boy, you should go,
boy, you should go ♪
♪ You should go now ♪
♪ You should go ♪
♪ I can see what's coming ♪
Knox.
- Welcome back.
- Good to be back, sir.
Agent Greg Knox
has caught us a very big fish,
and it is with great pleasure
that I welcome him back on the team.
Go ahead
and give everyone the update.
Okay, thank you.
Well, I know we've all been
working tirelessly for months
to prosecute Felipe Lobos,
and now we finally have the star witness
we need to lock him away for good.
I found Vibora Ruiz in San Diego.
Took some convincing
and we're gonna have to cut him a deal,
but he's agreed to testify
against Lobos.
And I think we can convince him
to give us the whole network.
This is a huge win for us, folks.
Congratulations, Greg.
- Thanks. Thank you.
- Good job.
You know what?
You got some ratchet-ass
customers up in the shop.
Who was the girl
getting a blonde weave?
Girl, you don't even know, right?
So her man's been cheating on her.
Said the other night he came home late
and she straight up told him
to pull his pants down
so she could smell his dick.
- Oh, no, she didn't.
- Yes.
And she took one whiff
and kicked his ass to the curb.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
I told you that girl was crazy.
So what you doing?
You redecorating, T?
I thought it would be fun trying to
make this place the way I wanted,
but honestly, I don't even know
how to pick something out.
What do you mean?
What do you like, T?
That's the problem.
I don't know what I like.
Everything in this place,
Ghost picked out.
I mean, he always made
those decisions for us.
For me.
I dress the way he liked.
I wear my hair the way
he wanted me to.
I don't really remember
who I was before him.
When you first started dating Ghost,
he did change you,
and now I'm starting
to get you back.
You know what I see
when I look at you?
I see a bad bitch who is about
to be balling on her own,
and whenever you're ready,
any man would be lucky
to have you and spoil you rotten.
Some nigga to get you
shoes you like.
Some nigga
to get you bags you like.
All of that stuff.
Yo, what the fuck is this?
You carrying a piece in my shop?
'Keisha, it's our shop.
And it ain't exactly
on the Upper East Side.
- I was protecting us.
- You know how to use that?
Yeah, I do.
Look, I should've told you first.
I won't bring it around
if you don't want me to.
Nah, you know what?
It probably is a good idea.
Let's just keep it out of sight
when our kids are in the shop, okay?
Fair.
You being straight with me?
You just carrying a piece to be safe?
There's nothing else going on, right?
You're my girl.
If there was something going on,
I would tell you.
You know that.
I see you with them kicks,
though, boy.
Leece's punk ass got lit up.
Kicks came flying off.
Motherfuckers was too clean
to go in the trash.
So you hitting up a dead nigga
for some sneakers?
Grimy nigga, dog.
You a grimy nigga. Pass me that.
I notice that tight-ass suit
you got on ain't no hand-me-down.
Ghost got you holding
umbrellas for him?
- Like that Farnsworth Bentley nigga?
- Fuck nah, nigga.
I'm moving up in the ranks.
You know, he's taking me, you know,
to meetings and shit, so it's cool.
Okay, big time.
You finally down for that lick
we talked about?
Nah, I'm good, man.
Since you so loyal to Ghost,
I got something you should know.
My gun guy told me the Koreans
bought some MAC-10s
to smoke some white nigga.
Said they gonna need a new connect.
- What, Tommy?
- No doubt, B.
Ain't no other white niggas
I know in the game.
So what's the problem?
Korean kingpin
found out from Tommy
his kid was stepping on the product
and holding back his cut.
Old man got mad as fuck
and cut off his kid finger.
- Kid want to take out Tommy.
- When's it going down?
Tonight...
at some church or something.
All right, have a good time.
Good to see you. Good luck
with the rest of the season, man.
- Mr. St. Patrick.
- Yeah.
I need to talk to you in your office.
Is it about what we discussed earlier?
No, it's something different.
I need to talk to you
about Karen Bassett.
Look, Dean, I need to take this.
Hold that thought.
Andre, where the fuck are you, man?
We need to talk about
what you pulled in front of Karen.
I'm back on the block.
Yo, we need to talk.
Fuck you doing back on the block?
I told you not to go back there.
- Ghost, listen.
- I'm listening.
Word on the street,
your boy Tommy caught some beef
with the Koreans
over some product.
They gonna light his ass up tonight.
Where?
Some church
where the priest is crooked.
- I never heard of it before.
- I have.
You want me to go
fuck the Koreans up?
Stop this shit before it go down?
No. You get your ass back here.
Pick up, Tommy.
Motherfucker.
How long has it been
since your last confession?
You fucking kidding me?
Come on, Father.
Give me my money.
- Nice outfit.
- Oh, please.
Nobody can see in here.
Believe me, I could wank it.
Mrs. Flaherty would never know.
Youth group's been
working hard pushing product.
That, plus this little side hustle
I got moving guns for
this Albanian dick, Behar,
we almost got enough
saved up for a new roof.
Do you need something else?
I've been asked to do this...
thing.
I don't think I can do it.
- Can you tell me what it is?
- It's a big-time sin.
We're talking
Ten-Commandment-level shit.
There's only...
only one commandment
which really counts.
God doesn't care if you honor
your father and your mother,
but I know you a while,
and something tells me
this wouldn't be your first time
breaking number one.
Guessing it's not what it is
but who it is?
All my life, people had
low expectations of me.
You know, “Think, Tommy."
"What's the plan, Tommy?"
"I got more to offer, Tommy."
And if I don't do this thing here,
then they right about me.
- I can't stand on my own.
- You tried praying about it?
I don't think the big guy'd
recognize my voice.
It's been a minute
since I hit him up.
God is always listening, Tommy.
Sometimes he just doesn't
answer our prayers
the way we expect him to.
You got to ask yourself,
"ls it the right thing to do?
And who gets hurt if you don't?"
♪ Like a bridge, I lay my head on it ♪
♪ I don't want it
if there ain't no ass on it ♪
♪ I don't want it,
I don't want it, I don't want it ♪
♪ I don't want it
if there ain't no ass on it ♪
♪ Put my cash on it ♪
♪ I don't want it
if there ain't no ass on it... ♪
Your ass is gonna be
buying all night.
You owe me for fucking Candie.
Yeah, she told me.
And why is your dumb ass
giving away jewelry
that can be traced back
to the job and us?
I wanted to fuck her.
I thought she needed a little incentive
to go behind your back.
If you wanted to fuck,
all you had to do was ask.
- I'd have said yes.
- I will next time.
Ain't gonna be no next time.
The job's over and you can walk.
Time for your ass to bounce, nigga.
You got money now.
Got a plan?
I'ma pop that nigga Ghost.
Take my business back.
I ain't gonna lose to him again.
You need to rethink your revenge.
Killing Ghost is too easy.
You ever think he's worth more
to you alive than dead?
You saw what I did with Dirt.
Kept him around
till he wasn't useful to me anymore.
Before you make a move,
you got to ask yourself,
what did Ghost
really take away from you?
Maybe you need to change...
your plan.
♪ Like a bridge,
I lay my head on it ♪
♪ I don't want it
if there ain't no ass on it ♪
♪ I don't want it,
I don't want it ♪
This is Rachel with the 18th Street
Woman's Wellness Clinic calling to...
Tommy, what the fuck
happened to you?
I was leaving a meet.
Some car rolled up on me.
Lit my ass up.
Who did this to you?
It was too dark.
I couldn't see their faces.
It was professional.
It was Lobos.
Don't worry, baby.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Where you going?
To get some bandages and peroxide.
It'll get infected
if we don't take care of it.
Dean, we'll finish
that conversation later.
Thank you.
- Miss Karen.
- Excuse me.
Hey. Welcome.
I have been seeing your face
all over social media.
Well, that is my face.
Now everyone will know
James St. Patrick.
They'll all know who you are.
To reinvention.
- Will you take a picture?
- Of course.
♪ We got to give them
what they want ♪
Valdes?
Always the last to leave?
There's no rest for the wicked, Saxe.
Got a long road ahead of us.
Oh, come on.
The heavy lifting's done.
Thought you'd be doing
a touchdown dance.
No one wants Lobos
more than you.
I just didn't expect
to hear it from Greg.
His involvement in the case
could blow things up.
He hasn't exactly...
colored inside the lines.
Wh... and you have?
Look, look.
I know Knox was a lousy lay,
or m-maybe it was you,
but at the end of the day,
we all want the same thing...
To nail the bad guys.
He got our guy, all right.
Ruiz knows everything
and everyone.
Case is a slam dunk.
And finally, Tommy Egan.
Ghost is going to jail.
Good night.
Hey.
Hi.
Care to join me
before I finish the bottle?
Long day?
You?
Yeah.
You want to talk about yours?
You?
No.
Jamie, I don't think
we're gonna make it.
I'm here.
You're here.
We're here together.
- That's what you want.
- I want this to work.
I do, but you're never home.
I'm never home.
What are we doing?
Playing make-believe?
- You're not even divorced.
- I know it's scary,
and I know there's a lot of people
that don't want to see us together,
but you can't let Paz
get in your head.
It's not just Paz.
It's... everything.
Did you ever wonder maybe
everyone else was right
- and we're the ones who are wrong?
- No, I never think that,
and I think that
you should never think that.
I'm not letting you go.
You want food?
I'm not hungry.
You need to speak to me son?
Money first. Talk second.
Who's the target?
James St. Patrick.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I got a clip for a nigga
tryin' to stunt on me ♪
♪ Stunt on me, stunt on me ♪
J“ I put a bullet in a nigga
tryin' to front on me ♪
♪ Front on me, front on me ♪
♪ I got that burner on me,
l-l-I'm up now ♪
♪ I'm strapped, bitch,
we ballin' ♪
♪ I got that burner on me,
l-l-I'm up now ♪
♪ I'm strapped, bitch,
we ballin' ♪
♪ So what you got a Benz? ♪
♪ I buy my bitch a Benz ♪
♪ Them niggas you be fucking with,
I wouldn't fuck with them ♪
♪ I'm on that brick shit,
you still on that block shit ♪
♪ I sell them whole ones,
you sell $10 rocks, bitch ♪
♪ Man, get your weight up,
I said get your weight up ♪
♪ Stay in your place
'fore you get your ass sprayed up ♪
♪ Man, I ain't never scared,
I got all kind of guns ♪
♪ I'm getting plenty bread,
I throw the hos to ones ♪
♪ Strip, bitch, you heard me?
I said strip, bitch ♪
♪ I'm cold as ice, check the temperature
on my wrist, trick ♪
♪ I blew three hundred grand,
what kind of watch is that? ♪
♪ I bet you wanna know,
stop tryin' jack my swag, ho ♪
♪ Gucci, Fendi, Prada
and that Louis ♪